havent seen them in my chat at all
Can confirm, not Russian. Polish. Grew up in Arizona. No basement, but he did reside in a garage for a while.
The Avengers become The ReconciliatorsTop Gun becomes Medium MusketIt Follows becomes It Keeps a Respectful Distance
Eh I feel similar but go and do some coke or buy a video game or something first. Do something stupid and fun then reascertain how you feel. You can always kill yourself tommrow
Brown either is hurt again or bad horrible body language in that poss.
Nacho Libre!
Tips from the professional whale! ~~Have lots of money ready to keep rolling until NP5.~~
That looks like a texture map for one of the wrist watches that was overlayed to your camera somehow. Very weird, have never seen it before but this game is full of bugs like this.
I didn't understand a thermostat until I was almost an adult because we never had one. All the houses we rented we had to use window units and space heaters. (And they were always 2nd or 3rd hand too, so old and cheap).
Yes. Women can be charged for sexual assault, but only men can be charged for rape.
Haha it's a big tent of people who don't like change
Except one...
Even after the 5 million posts about playoff scenarios this week, how are so many people STILL asking about what needs to happen?
even 1080ti is struggling at 144hz and 1440p in newer games. I would not buy 1080 today for any reason. 1080 will not reach 144fps in newer games simple as that.
Kamara, will, win, it,
Oh my god, the minute I realized there was a carcass in that tree I almost lost it. It just looked like a bunch of snow-covered sticks at first. How long has the bobcat been eating that deer?!
Even worse. I live in a bush on El Camino across from the Redwood City store.
Whitepaper is in internal review and will be released soon
Hawks &amp; Panthers in a 1 score gameB3LIEVE
we have a solid foundation of assets, so this is the right time to try for FA's imo if we fail this offseason we still have our young developing prospects and we can try again the following year
wouldn't it be amazing if the reason the father cat is kneading is because he thinks he's helping the kitten with suckling? lol would be so cute if that was true
NEW FRESH MEME LET’S MAKE A COSPLAY.
The biggest joke of the year. When Trump supporters will be able to tell the difference between their left hand and their right one, you may have an opinion on MIDDLE EASTERN affairs. Go back to your Donald echo chamber.#IsraelFirst Is the new Donald slogan today lol
Cody was so problematic/boring in the house so him showing common decency outside the house makes him seem like a god. Hope the sub leaves him in 2017
It's weird how the F joins with the i but I like it otherwise 🙂Great discipline, OP
No.1 person messaged me at 1 A.M. (3/10) , I messaged her back the following morning, she never replied.I've also had unlimited swipes, and swiped YES on EVERYONE.
I'm a ginger, if I don't draw them on then I won't have any.
Oh my goodness how cute! Do y’all dress him in costumes often?
Crawley definitely gets away with some stuff.  No complaints! :)
If getting into the playoffs saves Mularkeys job even with a wild card round loss, would you rather not get in Titans fans?
People are saying Poehling is doing great but with all these goals scored by team USA, he only has 1 assist all tournament.
clearly you're not keeping up with putin's appearance in DBS
You gonna fuck?
He says “pause” after saying something that can be interpreted as homoerotic so that people can catch it.  This time he said “hop on”.  Pretty strange.
Everybody Wins
Ha! Thank you. I will let him know this.
Cat.
Sure, but a repeater doesn't need to know what it's repeating.You could stand between two guys speaking a language they just made up and you don't know with a microphone and broadcast it on a loudspeaker just fine.
Guys, our chances of making the playoffs are looking pretty slim..
Too bad you didn't get 2 pair...you could wrap the other pair around your neck ala Lularoe scarf!BTW...I woke up to -15 today.
I think I’ve seen that film.
Is this uncommon?We have rolling shootouts literally every day.Like, I'm listening to another district respond to one right now.  Not even joking.
THANOS. IVE COME TO BARGAIN.
That's a pretty big generalization to make. Some parents can definitely be protective, but my parents have been great sounding boards without being judgmental down the line.
How do you allow something like that to be treated as a yearly tradition?
Is that one any good? Been curious about it.
...Owie.
If you ever leave the job do you have to give it back or pay them back for it?
Welcome to the desert of the real
That said, about 40% of all MBB players who enter Division I directly out of high school depart their initial school by the end of their sophomore year.-NCAA
Any GM would want O'Brian &amp; Watson to work with. Good coach &amp; look to already have a franchise QB. All they'd need to do is build the offensive line &amp; retool the secondary
Source?
Now I want to hear his opinion about street hockey versus ice hockey.
lol I just finished my paid gacha roll. I got Iskandar and the maintenance hit in the middle of his introduction speech. R.I.P.?
Most likely there was a line behind you.
Totally read that as father/cousin and just assumed your family tree didn't branch lol Sorry cousin was a douche, glad the other one stuck up for ya!
I can't even see his mouse moving... Probably because of framerate but regardless...
You're not wrong but dogs still shouldn't be ingesting large amounts of sodium. https://wagwalking.com/condition/salt-poisoning
[I found the full raw](http://netabare.city/archives/13588), enjoy !!
Dead link for me, anyone got a mirror?
Ranks don’t really reset season to season. You will be among all 2200 players.
I think Kimmel is going to make a lot of Downsizing jokes... and rightly so, it seems.
I didn't mind the first new special.  Then in the second new one, in regards to Spacey, 'Not to victim blame, but seems like  the kinda thing a gay 14 year old would get himself into.'
Oh boy, lots of Americans going to be super disappointed in November, when 55% of the country votes for Democrats but they only win 45% of the seats.
Hope he changed his condom each time. That's a lot of dicking.
SW ships have shields too.
me after driving from a to b without flipping
What's wrong with giving all humans immortality?
It was good in concept however people would just run off leaving the hero on their own.
Hermiting is awesome. I'm hoping one day to work my way up to being a curmugeon.
*doors open*Alright let's do th-*Empties a machine gun magazine into the air*Alright let's do th-*Launches a barrage of rockets*Let's do this.......?
Lynch thinks that JT needs yards to get to 1000 instead of DT
No podía faltar el tendedero
*Honestly tulle.
Happy New Year from the UK chaps!Edit: I'm ill I swear, I was suppose to be celebrating. Instead I got to see the Browns go 0-16.
Day by day the Obummer legacy is falling asunder.
5-9 is a better top 5 than the top 5 imo.
that's rich coming from you.
Yea it looks amazing. Sounds very complicated too.
When have they tried?
Or 'The Last Dragon' -- starring Bruce LeeRoy
I like Rogan for what he is as an actor but isn't that an apples to oranges comparison?
Looks like it could be candle wax. See if it liquifies with applied heat?
Because I genuinely don’t know... why aren’t theaters issuing refunds for tickets purchased with MoviePass? That seems highly illegal considering the theater is supposedly getting the ticket price money from MP. Thus, they are effectively getting paid twice by MP.
I mean that's not even headcanon really I'm pretty sure Mark Darrah confirmed it was canon
Watch him average like 16/4/3 in his first month back and put those busts comments to rest
&gt; If high schoolers (or younger) were required to take a course in Linux, I believe people would realize that using Linux is very simple and there are many benefits to doing so. High schoolers do not care about Linux.
Can’t believe this is what we watch last year for 16 game though
I probably average about 5-6 hours a day.  i work from home though and listen while I get my work done.
Brass is ok to use. I find it way easier to use a bore snake. They can be bought at Wal-Mart for about $7.
Haha, yeah, how's grade school going now that you're turning ... ur ... 20 years old ...shit
If you can overlook the parts in the second playthrough that are the same as the first one.... You're in for a ride. Nier is one of the few games I've played that just gets better and better and better, and then ends at the actual peak of the game.
Sorry Buffalo, but these linebackers have no chance.
Race is much more than skin color, and is strongly related to culture.
Get Ruddrolled
So at this point it’s 100% gotta be a mental thing with Walsh, he has no issue hitting long kicks when he’s not under a huge amount of pressure.
welcome
We had kellen Winslow Jr though. And that one dude who went to Minnesota who's name I'm drawing a blank on (Kerley?)
Yes. Our fearless leader had a singular vision and made it so 🙄😂...
Yeah, this bothers the fuck out of meI’m an introvert. This doesn’t mean I spend my time 24/7 shut in at home not wanting to go out everBeing anxious in social settings is not introversion. It’s called social anxiety.
F2P is basically just having more patience to get the card you want.
He’s been with Em since Infinite...
HA! I'm not the only one! I read Deathly Hallows in one sitting on the toilet the night it came out.
Happy New Year from the UK!
translation: 'i have 1 news source and believe it wholeheartedly, regardless of facts'
half-truths are the best truths.
I know what pepper she's probably allergic to: mace! Next time she complains about her pepper allergy, offer to spray her to check! :P
I swear, you people manage to just activate some kind of pun-making mode
D
Best Captain
Ok I got downvoted when I said that a couple days ago. And I own quite a bit of it. Hopefully they'll rebrand just like AntShares -&gt; Neo
Amirite(the name of the red mineral)
Orange peanut for me?
And not the original Deus Ex...
&gt;I come here to escape, not to be reminded.Reddit in a nutshell for me.
hello I am new here, can someone explain why I would need more than one of each?
This happens a lot nowadays.'He makes this face every time''He does this for hours'For some reason them catching their pet doing it once isn't as interesting.
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say but nothing comes out when they move their lips just a bunch of gibberish and motherfuckers act like they forgot about DRE
U getting any chubby boobs now that you got a popular comment?
The part about choking me sleep and giving me a tranquilizer without my consent isn't a wrong?
I had an aha moment myself that changed my mind so don't take this the wrong way:We shouldn't need those aha moments. It should be the mental default to be a donor.
Haha, it’s a mask made by a dude named Landon Meier. He owns -  a company called [Hyper Flesh](http://www.hyperflesh.com)Three of his masks [went viral](https://youtu.be/npoh2osD8Pk) this year.
Cazzo dici, appaiono spessissimo le vele nella serie.
AHHHH! You are tha MVP
Out of kayfabe, I respect the Miz so much. Went from a joke who got kicked out of the locker room to a legitimate star who’s being recognized as one of the best bad guys in the business. I’d thoroughly enjoy a world title run for him in 2018
Harry Potter was great before it hit the mainstream. Fandoms truly ruin everything.What’s more is the popularity went to Rowling’s head and she’s revising some of the characters
It's an oldish clip, so kind of potato quality, but I've always liked this old-meets-new performance from Japan: [Live Jam - DJ Kentaro ft. Kinoshita Shinichi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeCZwi-VnOw&amp;t=3m37s) (links to 3m37s)
The ref reacting immediately with giving the Ravens the benefit of the doubt before the play was even over encapsulate this entire game
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH U FUCKING LOSE RON MACLEAN PREMADE BUMBLING POETIC NONSENSE ABOUT BEING CANADIAN RIGHT NOW
Never played before and that whole hospital thing constantly had me going wtf. Also the fact I created a character even though I was Solid Snake
I'm really not a believer in browning. I think that if he returns, y'all can win a ny6 at best and then whoever replaces him has to be the guy to do it
https://youtu.be/-gUPr6KyD28Found their Facebook https://www.facebook.com/samuraiage/Their webpage is in japanese. Pet armor is about $150 ish.
Jeff Hardy sure got bigger.
I don’t get it?
TIL that the water-tribe avatars are generally huge bulky dudes.
hahaha I'm bringing a 1911 and I'm just gonna shoot him randomly
Hiya, sorry for the wait! [Here](https://i.imgur.com/wc1lZ7i.png) you go. ♪( ‘Θ’)ﾉ~☆
A friend once said that episode 4 is the only one that can really stand alone, with no other movies, and I would agree.
At least his dream girlfriend came true
WHY DO NOBODY TELL ME THESE PANTS MADE MY BUTT LOOK BIG.
Lol whites? No ma am these are Latino racists. Did you know that Mexicans and Brazilians are the 1 source of anti-Tyra racism? I would know as a Mexicunt myself.
I'm a noob. I vaguely know about the dark web but not much more than it isn't indexed and can't be accessed by search engines like Google. Why is this bullshit? [Serious]Is it because you can't 'scan' through unindexed data?
I thought all the djs threw down awesome sets, Madeon/Alesso/Nghtmre/etc... but for the first time I took a chance with trance and saw Ilan Bluestone and that definitely was my highlight of the night!
Yep.  Ryze can do the same thing by ulting a minion wave into the fountain.
Honestly, dont come back. Strategy is far stronger than ever in this game. Unless of course, you dont care and want (or more like 'can') play more casually.Should you decide to come back, re-roll.
Sled gang!
THE ENEMY IS BEING REINFORCED WITH A STAR DESTROYER
Lol we don't talk about doctors because they aren't shooting anyone and then getting a paid vacation for it
Looks great. Filipino?  Is that put and lumpia
It's the proximity to Canada, isn't it.
Pilot Flying J TA and Petro all charge around $15 the last time I checked. Is parking so sparse in Florida to support such a fee?
Hell it used to be a new years at the Spring Equinox. Our arbitrary noting of our ball of dirt's revolution around the sun isn't that special on a personal basis.
Can't be the only one who read it as 'Trump has resigned as US leader' at first.
Thank God for basketball.
🤘
IIRC the performance of rai is bound by disk I/O, so using a Rpi with a slow SD card might not be the best thing for the network
In 2016, 56 police officers were killed in the line of duty in this country; only 26 of those were due to gunfire.http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36748136
i don't know if that makes it ok..
Aww farts.
Insanity
Create an alt and horde the stuff there?
Ok so what does it mean? You have to ask permission?
I have friends from Australia (I’m from the US) and when I asked about Australians sounding American while singing, I got the surprising answer that Australians think that Americans sound Australian while singing.Apparently singing sounds universally native to a degree.
Damn almost got me there
Honestly it’s her first ever custom and I don’t think she knew to do that! Gonna check YouTube
I'd take just not getting relegated thanks
Crawley please do not commit pass interference
I thought the player voice sounded familiar.  Was waiting for a 'bitch' at the very end.
the shot of the old docs logo on the bus also says B.S  instead of MD
Tread 9 is mine!!!!  I will cut you!!😜
this guys been amazing for us all season!
Tbh any region of Pakistan is a region split between two or more countries.
I dont get why people and them to stop. It's not like it's taking away from other projects, and the game is fucking amazing.I just don't get it.
Ravens marching down the field....
“soon”-travis scott
That sounds like an amazing Thriftway.
Proof: https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamle/inventory/#730_2_13201319860
Yeah but the particular significance of some of the 27’s...
Sailing the seven seas with Captain Big Tits over here...
Maybe the jets?
Prayer to keep pushing in life, learn how to love myself, and prayer that i become closer to god. I love you all.
Does the door frame have a side moulding on it?
Let's go Bengals
bruh we're getting outrebounded by the Celtics, we need a center so bad
*Bears, Beets, Battlestar Galactica
I mean the 5% number is actually from a study that was actually funded by an anti-finasteride group. The more likely explanation is that either your issues were unrelated OR you were one of the unlucky 5%.
If memory serves correctly, they scored more points
My resolution this year is to destroy the federation and make Beagle Point the capital of the Empire.
Soo, were you guys in the same fireteam or not?
An expansion...  Like CALLIE.
Barboza should be giving birth next september as well
Decker helping us out today!
How is it completely noise free at 12,800?!?!
Bloody Mary or red eye, lol
&gt;my client?Are you a lawyer? Because if you are I would suggest using your law degree and/or your professional resources and not random strangers on the internet. I also hope you aren't planning on billing 'your client' for this post.
My birthday would forever be on a Monday... I am not sure I like this plan...
Mothra with an eyepatch approaching each kaiju about a team
IOTA is not a blockchain running PoW
I've just watched my 400th film for the year! I initially set myself the 365 target but I got off to such a good start I upped it to 400. Had a lot of fun and watched lots of new stuff. I Have it listed on my letterboxd account: https://letterboxd.com/GhostMutt/films/diary/
I’ll check his age when I get home after the game. This is an online franchise but there is only one other player user. Why is age a big deal? Just because you get another 2-3 years out of them? Is the superstar trait worth it?
Build 626 failed for all platforms
Canada did the same thing with their radio stations. IIRC they had to play a certain percentage of songs that were made in Canada, and it led to all of the hate towards Nickelback.
Overwatch is just Watch
https://www.ffrktoolkit.com/ingame_announcements.html#?requestedId=17122701&amp;pageNumber=0'If you want to say that's what you should expect from us, then sure, that's what you should expect.'.. indeed
Because that's... not actually what the movie is about.Sadly.
Does Eric Reid have 40 tackles today so far?
Jizz in a Jar January
Relatively, it's like a month old
LARPerator
Argentines literally have a saying that God supports them and shows it by making the sky their colors. I am not sure everyone thinks of it as a joke either.I mean God is obviously showing loyalty by making traffic cones....yeah, it doesn't work.
I believe most of them are volunteer and i don't think they have much of a budget for them all to work full time on the project so they have to do it in their spare time. It sucks but i believe in them since i love Timesplitters.
'The Police Were Called to Remove an NBN Protester, You Wouldn't Believe What Happened Next'This would have been a justified title.
Trust me, guy has A LOT more then 50k REQ.
It's weird watching the censored version and seeing the characters eyes seemingly fixate on nothing, because whatever it is they were supposed to be looking at was removed.
As someone who has never done makeup or any complicated regimen before (usually just face washing and benzoyl peroxide or tretinoin with a moisturizing lotion), how do I know what I may or may not need? I've never messed around with occlusives or oils.
I really wanna see the end result with them saving the cat. As a cat owner I am terrified of this
[Here you go](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33rd_century_BC).
Let's place our bets - who will be the first celebrity to die?
Any furnature store, go in with the mindset of negotiating same as you would a car
I've seen him do ebrietas and ludwig the accursed fists only, but it took 40 mins.
Is this your new Yuri cosplay? It's fucking awesome!
Is the 8 in nikolai_8 your age or IQ?
At least someone came to their senses and picked Wiz.
Maybe both move at the same time as equals.
Thank you! I’ve never seen that word written out before. My mom is a jeweler, so it usually just comes up in conversation.
I don't think I have those bees in my modpack, rip
You can tell by the way it is.
Honestly this is my hope for Episode 9. I want Kylo to have an 'oh shit' moment when Snoke shows up again. Rey wouldn't be too amused either, so that's team-up potential again.
HA HA HAGREAT HUMOR SEQUENCE, FELLOW HUMAN
Why do they all look like chimps?
I'm guessing this is something too clever for me to actually get, but what's the joke here?
Happy new year from the uk :)
Member when they traded the pick that was used for Julio Jones and ended up with Brandon Weeden and Trent Richardson?
Jump onto the roof and then fall to the left of it and just walk along the wall to avoid having to fight them. There is nothing they drop that is worth having anyway.
At least the crew was nice about it. My second crew almost took a wrong turn in that area, on the way to Abreu from Urraca, but our sister crew was taking a pack break in the shade by the real trail and put us back on track
Just saw a Slickdeals email, 32GB for $10 if you're interested :)
As someone who just bought one of those after thunking the commercials were full of it, i love it. Clean up with a napkin and no need for oil.
We had great shooting that year too though.
Regardless how you feel about the speed on a particular road, going over is still breaking the law. If you get caught breaking the law, you have to pay the fine. Don’t want to pay the fine? Don’t break the law.
I don't think you need proof, considering it's not true, just a funny statement about how weak that gun is. ....Cool looking gun also, imagine if it had super high damage, would have been everyones favorite :)
More impressed by your Roth gains
Too hot!!!
I'm a new dad and I can tell that my woodworking hobby is going to be reduced to stuff like this for awhile.   The star stickers and your comment cheered me up.
u/havavege this was the second half of a return trade that was done while the dashboard was down, can you please see to it that bigdog011 gets flair credit for this send?
Hey, I'm just going based on how cool she looks, not how badass she actually is.
you mean the shitty webcam phootage of andys foot with the song playing in the background?HOW hipster are youtell me HOW
I could just key “Thanks!” into his door. Would save him from cleaning up the little pieces of glass.
Break 85. No rounds over 100
Just creating more places for Spicer to hide.
That's a cover... Actual one by Harry nilsson https://youtu.be/haT8g7oKnns
If we really want to dry up their money, we'll have to pressure Europe. They've slowly started selling them weapons again and their oil shipments hit a high back in October.
Your dad looks like a nice guy.
i just remembered that i actually got an emulator on my phone, i might just play pokemon tn!
Not a meme. This was just a screenshot.
Let me just reach into this bag here....*a loud thunk mixed with the sound of souls being crushed as it’s put on the table*
Modal logic is far too powerful.
NO! I love the taste and smell of Begg'n Strips, you can't make me change!
English
Seriously though what an exciting season by the Vikings.  Keenum will be a legend in Minny if you guys go the distance.
[Fumy Beppu in the new Trek Kit](https://www.instagram.com/p/BdYpdXdAyIL/)
His name is Harold
Do yourself a favor and just stop looking at Facebook. Most people are faking their happiness to make themselves feel better and it makes you feel worse
Send this video to Rockwall TX police. Completely illegal where they live. Someone i know IRL knows who they are and the kids name is on the youtube channel too.
ARKGoing to be a big player once it releases Core 2.0, ArkVM and Push Buttons.
Ok I got the sarcasm, lol
Someone explain, I'm also autistic.
Am I the only one who’s heart dropped because I thought this was announcing his death?
Your team gives you enough heartbreak so I wont say anything
Colvin is gonna get mega paid somewhere next season. Dude is a beast
It just seems so impossible.
republicans: [Pizza is now a vegetable] (http://www.nbcnews.com/id/45306416/ns/health-diet_and_nutrition/t/pizza-vegetable-congress-says-yes/ )
Oh Canada?
Like No Man's Sky?
No it does not, hair follicles from the back the head are not subject to MPB. If they fell out for another reason other than MPB, then yes. Maybe extreme stress.
Whut?  [It broke 1/2 a bil in 2015.](http://www.afl.com.au/news/2016-02-29/afl-becomes-a-500m-game) That is the only foreign sport I wish we had in North America. (Well, maybe Sumo).
The dream wasn't it a croak dream, it turns out it was actually a premenition dream which was fullfiled in The Comet. There's been some other things that could forshadow Jake's death though.
Or use a lift truck.
Ours is on Wednesday, wish us luck
they stabilized his head, but there was no backboard.
sir im sorry but i dont believe you, if you had had a heart attack you would not be typing this you would be in a hospital
Why do people even pre-order games? You literally give your money blindly to a company with the hope you will receive a game you think is good. Why not wait, watch some gameplay vids, and decide to buy it afterwards?
Decker is such a fucking disappointment this year.
How long did it take you to make this?
praying
When it's 'too easy' something is up, spidey senses go off.
My suggestion:Split ESFs into two identical vehicles, but only one can use wingmounted weapons and A2G noseguns. The new skyknight version has a few changes.1. Its cheaper.2. Its noseguns cannot damage ground vehicles.3. G2A locks cannot target it, and it takes reduced damage from flak.
GIF REQUEST JALEN KNOCKING HENRY OVER TO SHUT TITS FANS UP FOREVER
The clock strikes 12 over here in England! Happy New Year to you all! I love being in these game threads, here's to many more &lt;3
It's fair to say that many people enjoy the act of smoking. It is by nature therapeutic and relaxing, regardless of effect. It is also habit forming, and the hand to mouth action pleases a lot of people.
It's like they were trying to make it as hard to read as possible.
Hahaha yes wine will work!!
Dunny, I shrunk the Kirk
For ref: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8yW5cyXXRc
net neutrality folks
More like 2.5 games. Mafia 3 is an unfinished product.
Thirsty niggas, this has been going on forever
This has to be my favourite post of 2018
As much as I love Tobi, I dare you to say that to S!Xander's abs.
Y
And that is assuming your minimum wage job will even give you full time hours.  Most places won't give you more than 30 hours per week, so you'll typically work 2 jobs to make $15k.
You get extra for leveling up eg lvl 25 would be 1000 for getting lvl 25 + What you earned in the match so lets say you get 300 it would say you got 1300.
If you peak in your teens, you’re a loser. It’s just that simple. I haven’t even entered my prime and I’m 23.
The Alberta teams are great on the road and shit at home this year.
So the last hour of the banner must be refined panic+.
Packing for a 3300 mile drive.
Aprendi que maconha continua bom pra caralho.
Barktender, Order Up!
XD
Lol, the Lakers commentators are so cute
i would like that aswell
I'd love him to go to New Orleans, Cincy, Indy. He needs to be a 1b in a decent passing game.
https://support.garmin.com/faqSearch/en-US/faq/content/fxpOTJ33Kf60kr4BnAWU4A is commonly used by glider pilots flying XC.  Not sure how widely it is used by power pilots.
Personally I prefer TNG over TOS.
And some believe that D&amp;D brought back Gendry for Arya.Oh my sweet summer children..
Y
Weightlifting is the only thing that keeps me clinging to this mortal coil.
Oh yeah, I remember the good ol “they’ll go 0-16 for Sam Darnold” Jets while the Browns were going to take the next step forward and win 5-8 games. Oh, how the turn tables.
who knows, if you're a different race its possible they didnt realize and are racist. Not really anything you can do about that
I will not go...
When you wear double wristbands, does it auto select those two different colors?
Nice work, I loved Dear Esther.
What the hell, he went for a clean midsection tackle. Goodwin going down made it a helmet to helmet.
An nou fericit!! Concordia looked a bit busy so we wound up spending new years drinking Ciucas in the cemetery in one the most unforgettable and picturesque new years I've ever lived through
i'm trying to figure out what having daily sex has to do with foreskin at all
It's 'you're welcome'. The full sentence would be 'you are welcome to ask for (or receive) my [help/advice/whatever] any time' or something approximating that.
Fuck Darelle Revis too. One of my favorite moments from 2011 was when Tebow was running at him with a full head of steam and Revis got out of the way cause he wanted none of it.
It’s like these people are desperately trying to misunderstand the concept of fun. Like they think looking miserable makes them seem smarter.
So a woman doesn't need to be addressed by her name if people don't know who she is.Yeah that's in line with the shit people say here all the time. 10/10 belongs.
**WHAT?**
That’s a cool 20% return on investment 👌
4wd does not improve traction. It improves acceleration. At all times your vehicles wheels are on the road. Switching to 4wd doesn’t magically make your tires more grippy. 4wd is a hazard on ice because you have a false sense of security.
Master Chief Collection may be your best option. You can play Halo 1 with old graphics or the remastered graphics. You'll also be able to play Halo 2: Anniversary, Halo 3, Halo 3: ODST (as DLC for $5), and Halo 4.
Why?
I've been thinking that maybe he's too nice of a guy and feels bad about laying the smack down on opposing players and potentially seriously injuring them. Or maybe he's just disgruntled like you mention.
Honestly i wouldn't even worry about being stylish dude, let your off day fits do the talking and just get something functional and comfy
E
#BOBS
Who said that? haha
Edit: Little background to the story,  The cops were going to confiscate his bike, and thats the only means of transport for the poor chap, so no way for him to go to work etc.
I have this same one, but it came in a LootCrate. Not sure they sell it individually. But the script changes color in cold water!
I know I would'veYou got me fucked up if you think I'm just throwing away my Xbox
Gaines with the high iq play not touching it.
“Best World” should have been “Best Fiction” or “Best Setting”. As it was they made it about gameplay and it should have just been called “Best Exploration”.
I mean the Pens are back to back champs tho...
Come on, Texas. I love my guns too, but Mythbusters proved this was a dumb idea.
Damn, that hurt.
It shouldn't really be unpopular. There's nothing wrong with cosmetic microtransactions that get you exactly what you want. It's like saying there's something wrong with wanting a certain dress. If you want to buy it, go for it.
Necroing?
They allow you to use a section of an opponent's track as if it is yours. You get 3/player to use in TTR Europe and I believe they're also worth points if you don't end up placing them.
Closer pics (please consider the height lol) https://imgur.com/a/WO3Xu
Anyone drop opinions on FUN? One of two major gambling blockchain currencies, what do yall think?
[vid of just the jumpshot](https://streamable.com/drims)
If someone finds a dog without a collar or chip, they didn’t steal your dog... they found an abandoned dog.
Actually I never did too. That epg goose scene was from my 7yo son :D
What does the first one say? I know it's some Nazi-era anti-journalism thing
I've reached the point where if I haven't found someone by now it's unlikely to happen so I might as well just try to enjoy the long-term single life.
During their confrontation on Mustafar.  I think Anakin says “I don’t want to hear anymore about Obi-Wan” and waves his hand at her.
If you are dedicated to learn it, you won't have a hard time. As others have said, I too purchased my first MT vehicle without experience and proceeded to drive it home 1600 miles across the country.
Happy NYE everyone. Anyone got big plans? I'm watching this game and getting drunk and staying home to play video games after! Oh yeah 😎
Gun game. What a shitpost. Wtf even is gungan? You are an idiot and your brother is not.
First two years
That pizza slice is wicked sick!
still sane, exile ?
Another Post from New Jersey in the $2000 range: * [1964 Studebaker Commander $1200](https://newjersey.craigslist.org/cto/d/real-deal-barn-find-1964/6424254325.html) Barn Find! * [1961 Corvair](https://newjersey.craigslist.org/cto/d/1961-chevy-corvair-happy-new/6425434466.html) * [1982 Toyota Corolla Wagon](https://newjersey.craigslist.org/cto/d/toyota-corolla-18-te72-wagon/6442626063.html)
Look dude, you asked for it now read your hentai.      Or like change the tags to something you like and go have fun.
Happy New Year from the UK, Jag bros. I'm assuming the fireworks are for BDB.
WE ROW TOGETHER!
Unfortunately most websites require you to click a link to activate the account so that isn't going to work.
That doesn't sound too good
Marty is getting bailed out by the players. He is calling some TRASH ASS play calls
I've been stuck on I40 east by the newfound exit for 2 hours.
Exactly. I don’t care at all about religion and I explain that to people. Most people try to convince me that there’s a God and I just don’t care. I’m respectful of others religions and others should be respectful of mine.
He's jokingly referring to the fact the movie is a biblical metaphor.
For some reason, I read that in Matt Mercer's voice.
Should I spoiler tag this post?
Woah this looks cool. Will definitely want to try!
Every single person in my house  has the flu and I'm quarantining us. So it's Nyquil instead of champagne for us tonight
Hungover? From weed?
What
An organist who plays the states tempo?! Love it!! Too bad the congregation sings every song like they are all about to die. 120 bpm nah let’s sing it at 80 and force the organ to slow down
I guess both kinda work.    iirc, droog is nadsat for friend or young person. Kind of like saying gang speak in nadsat, i think.
I heard if you get a million karma, those hot singles in your area become visible.  Two million and they become corporeal too.
They're hitting enough categories that it's gonna end up in /r/thathappened
The meth face will kick in soon enough
That's two years older than the average age of the Broncos fanbase
When I deadlifted 550 conventional I couldn't break 405 off the floor sumo lol
Yeah, but she's fucking her dad, dude
As I said, I get why they are doing it. I'm just afraid that modders will begin to ignore oldrim. Believe it or not, SSE is not better for everything. There are pros and cons.
The announcers called Walsh clutch 😂😂I think he'd have to make more than one fg when we really needed it to be actually clutch ha ha
It's the same but more jpeg :(
I wish America would be focused on fixing itself instead of other countries. Hillary is not in jail, Soros isn't, Podesta isn't, and we have the audacity to try to fix another country? This one isn't even whole again.
IT HAS BEEN THAT KIND OF DAY FOR JACK DEL RIO
Thanks. Is 'not being shit' a trophy?
I've been to Devil's Den many times and have never seen this
I have even thought of that!
Crocodile and Metalhead are great
What's the situation between this and SC? Just in general. You plan this to be part of SC's mod, or only separate? Are they compatible? Is there any point of using this with SC?I'm just confused since you have a rebalance in restoration mod already.
Wonder if any dead teams are still advancing
I do this same thing. I'm always looking for 'sponsors' for pee-wee football.God help the mfer who says they'll pay but doesn't.
Yup! Mom is filipino and she threw down today..as you can see.
It's too bad no one has invented small remote flying machines that you can attach a camera to.
charge it overnight…
Kamara.
Wouldn't the water make the eggs taste all watery? I usually put a little bit of cream
Why so pessimistic? $500
Finally someone made the wrap correct! BTW, just as a tip, the actual rims from Rachel's 350 are in the game IIRC. They're the 5 spoke Work Meister's.
...I wonder if cutting together is fun, or, easier for first-timers?
https://goo.gl/images/2QHt52I think this is Ken block's one.
Am I correct that that's just not happening any more in any capacity?So that tweet was literally just Donald Trump negatively impacting our readiness by making American soldiers anxious?
Serious question, can a prospect refuse to be drafted by a particular team? Case in point was Eric Lindros and 1991 draft by Quebec Nordiques in the NHL where he refused to play.
6,3-4same as me!
Westbrook: 'fuck I just had the worst drop'Decker: 'hold my mayo'
He's probably got a 1050 and an i3 too. Ultimate pc gamer yo.
#YOUR POST REACHED **TOP FIVE IN /R/ALL/RISING**. THE POST WAS THUS [X-POSTED](/R/MASUB/COMMENTS/7NBXWF/HE_MAY_NOT_HAVE_PLAYED_WELL_BUT_THIS_MAN_GAVE_HIS/) TO /R/MASUB.#IT HAD 25 POINTS ^(IN 17 MINUTES) WHEN THE X-POST WAS MADE.  #---#^^BLEEP ^^BLOOP. ^^I'M ^^A ^^BOT
Religion rots the brain.Abortion; LGBT:  issues that lead the 'follower class' 'values voters' to the polls to vote Republican like a cow bell -- and with no regard for the core American values of individual liberty and for equal right and protections under law most of us support.
Can we all just agree go JAX?
2018's greetings from Portugal!Humid and kinda warm. Exactly what I imagine January to be like.
Knitting? Angry Sketching? A long drive to no where and crying in an empty parking lot? Talking to somebody? A hug?Internet hugs.
Exactly this. Not sure why so many on here are defending her, she sounds crazy and immature. Who the hell needs that?
These are great! They remind me of these Mōglea notebooks I sell in the store I work in! Love them!
Haha. I'm almost surprised this actually exists.Thanks a lot for helping me find it.
This is rudy enb
I think it helps to ensure iOS is booted and everything has loaded so the exploit has a higher chance of succeeding.
My favorite part is when the guy tries to run away and just gets instakilled by that archer.
kind of unrelated but the Pokemon Adventures manga is so good. if only the anime adapted from there.
My tendency to scan titles made me see “at 60” and “Snoop Dogg” and I had a mini heart attack.
It has *always* been this way.
The addition of a run defense helps a ton too. The Vikings run defense has been in the bottom(ish) half of the league since Zimmer took over but somehow they landed in the #2 spot this year.
Zach Miller was dope
Money talks.
Plus Raiders are firing Del Rio after the 1st year of a 4 year contract he signed in February.They are going down quick.
First Paul defines house of God as 'the church of the living God, and the second definition follows. It may be that church defines house and pillar defines God. Compare to other scriptures such as 1 John 5 'It is the Spirit who bears witness because the Spirit is truth.'
This worked perfectly - thank you so much, made my year :) Happy 2018
hold up, did Carr just get sacked on a QB sneak?
I think I like Barleywines now.I always tried them at shares and was like, “blech.”(Tiniest pours).I’m noticing they are becoming tastier. Yesterday I had the Entente Cordiale at Garage. Then I bought a bottle. Who am I?
F
I didn’t think mine would blow up the way it did. I was legit trying to find out how to fix my problem. Not have people say “break up with her” a million times
Not likely with a C in homemaking.
Yeah, this looks like an Indian wedding in the US.  Weddings in India take things to a whole new level.  They're insane, from what I hear and read (I haven't been to one in a long, long time).
That's true. I have beatriz, yoshino, and Abigail and I use them all of the time because I pretty much get an instant victory
There is no happy universe. I am NOT entertained and I shall not be defeated by these simple creatures like a spongebob.
Our weekly Reuben Foster scare
You're talking about Billy Fields, I presume? It's an absolutely incredible case, and it's a shame that so few people know about it. I learned about it on an episode of Unusual Suspects, and my jaw hit the floor.[Here](http://www.14news.com/story/5629270/break-in-19-year-old-murder-case?clienttype=printable) is one of the only write-ups about the case.
FUCKING DO SOMETHING BENGALS!!!!
[Here ya go, friendo](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/326/789/510.jpg)
Once you discover the secret, please let me know🙏
Yeah it happened somewhat recently if I remember correctly. I'll be damned if I can name him at the momentBrian Campbell did it
Yeah that guy can go jump into traffic now.
I agree with the general sentiment, but short of starting a race war, what are Whites supposed to do in the meantime?
Lol to the Raider fan who paid money to buy a powder blue charger jersey, even if it says 0 rings
where can this be seen?
You too, Train!  How're things there?
The queen
Damn Plup really beat Leffen up this year
Is Marty Morningwood retarded?
(Y)
Im pretty sure mirai ticket has all of them saying yousoro
Head to self serve car wash and power wash it off.
Could Lynch run any slower? I’ve seen manning run faster than that
“Well fuck me gently with a chainsaw.” No one said Heathers
Get joeysworldtour on and just shame him for 2 hours.
I touch my boobs then smell my hands. I have no idea why I do this but it is odd. It's not like they have any particular smell to them.
After day 1 of the binance vote, XRB has over 53% of the votes! It looks like RaiBlocks will be added to binance
As opposed to fat consequences, of course.
When Naomi Osaka’s picture isn’t at all one of the more awkward ones . . .
Forgotten Realms **is** the setting.If you're asking what module, then tell us what edition interests you most?If it's 5e, then your choice should range between Curse of Strahd, Storm King's Thunder and Tomb of Annihilation.
I understand that, but as a fan, I would prefer to have a little post season momentum before we clash. It means nothing, just my opinion.
I nut constantly.Just cause I gotta comment doesnt mean I have to say anything meaningful.
Wouldn't half a B be an A?  👙
Are there more operatic bands today? Yes. Are Iron Maiden and Judas Priest known for high note, powerful, singing?Yes.
Jesus christ do they think you rip the wool of off the sheep
Correct me if I'm wrong. I hear the Isrealis hate the Sephardim as much, if not more, than arabs.
&gt; am pretty interested in the antitrust case against Microsoft and the international space station though. Now I'm interested if those are supposed to be linked somehow?     So, you want those questions as you're interested, or you have knowledge to share? Unclear on the concept here.
Victim.
According to California law, HIV is no longer a problem so why do you need a special council to manage it? Liberals are such fucking hypocrites.
I do a lot of public speaking, and always try to make it easy for the stupidest person in the room to understand. I'm guessing one idiot might read this, just wanted to be clear.
I’m going to deliver, don’t worry
HE went NC with you?🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I'm biased but Billy Mac and Stu are the best announcers in the business
If there isn't, you might be onto something! As long as it would be active it would be great to have.
Doesn't mean they are very powerful for demanding games just because they exist though.
I kind of dig it.
If you look at per play, we aren't 0-16...
A fellow North Dakotan! 😊
I'm hoping they pull a lion king and make a 2.5
Penn State white outs too strong. Pls nerf.
Let me check the shipping costs and get back to you guys. I am aware shipping cost to Canada is $15 +/- and I’m ok with it. I signed up to verify another guy(US)  but I hope it’s okay to do two verifications concurrently?
This is very cool
Reminds me of Hitman Absolution. Never patched it's save game problem which happens to some people. I had to replay that game about 7 times and beat it in one sitting since it literally had no saves. Square Enix just didn't care.
Its a beautiful day for rain.
&gt;age stopped matteringWhy don't you have a seat over here
Happy new year fellow sad cunts who aren't out tonight. Having a wee whiskey with the parents cos I've got the flu, but I'm happy to be here with all of you xx
I blush a lot and fck these cunts that point it out. It’s so rude.
If you all are on PCNA feel free to add me @TheInvalidUsername and I'll help you all get started.
Its not your fault, you just dont take (gay) porn to school.
Then whats the difference between [deleted] and [removed]?
How often do you travel? I mean I have some cheap, 15 year old dress shoes that I wear once a year that have also held up pretty well.
What a surprise, a garbage ass Raiders fan throws trash onto the field.
Actually the greatest card in the game was Pot of Greed. Common mistake
Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith.  He is a game changer.  Back in 1981 Saints drafted George Rogers (Heisman winner) at #1.  We took Lawrence Taylor #2.  Defense wins championships.  Roquan Smith is a force.
Yeah, maybe. But we have a secret weapon. The sub 10 million Mormons are going to baptize those 7 billion people after they die (and the 10’s of billions that already died). One. At. A. Time.
I'd commission Garrison to draw my fursona getting plowed by it if he wasn't such a douche tbh
Am I the only one peacefully watching the Bills game? This thread has turned into CIN @ BAL.
Rich if he is enjoying the game seems nicer to the chat but most of the time he's calling everyone that isn't him stupid. You'd think he'd be nicer to people who are tipping them and whatnot
That 'female opponent,' by the way, goes by the name of Naomi Osaka. :)  Tonybotz called it - she's not just anybody. You'll know her in a few years (or months).
What are your op mass and op multiplier?
Men have this socialized notion that doing anything to improve your appearance is effeminate.
That would be amazing if it ever hit that.
M
Don't worry Alphonse, you'll always be in my arena team. ;-;
Question: Do we just post our challenge photos in a new thread? Or will there be dedicated threads for each week?
Broncos SOS heading into the week was .486. Jets is .523. Broncos will select before the Jets. Unless there is a miracle 14 point comeback from Paxton Lynch here in the next few minutes
AND I KNOW WHICH WAY TO GO
Not going out does not make one a loser, especially when it is 14 degrees out.
Ah yes. We call them M1 holds. But they do exist here, but are often under utilized.
Making fun of mentally challenged kids is my least favorite trend of 2017.
This Sergio beats Canelo and ggg.
YIKES LADY!
Seriously dude, your 30’s are a damn blast.
I had a friend that big.  We called him a 'QT' (sounds like cutie) for 'quarter tonner' (500lbs = 35 stone 10lb).(Yes, he died at 28 due to heart issues.)
Isn’t bitcoin just used to buy crack and heroin? So essentially the same thing as pedals.
The way that shark comes in just puts me in mind of my young dog coming in for a play nibble or mouthing. Serious awww factor for me.
Devin Booker is dropping 5️⃣0️⃣
May Ainz bless your divine work.
Hair lip. Hair lip!
That ending tho!! Ahegao &lt;3
Hmmmm. Would like to attend. Need to see what partner says
'Ergo.' If you want to go full VerySmart™
lol, Bobby looked like an angry mom dragging their kid by the ear.
Does it sync with a fitbit?
Completely fake and utterly homosexual
You can start trading right away...  Verification just increases your withdrawal amount.**Instant withdrawals limits:*** for unverified users - 0.5 BTC in equivalent per 24h* for verified users - 5 BTC in equivalent per 24h
I love it. I like having a little weight to my mods and this one is just about perfect, especially with the TFV8. It hits well, it looks great. You’re in for a treat my friend.
I’m still deciding where I want the tattoo on
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO FIGHT IN THIS TEAM. It’s the last gm for nothing, I get it but how about PRIDE in ur work and what u do. Fuck sake!!
&gt; You may not like the direction it went, but it got good reviews and sales were apparently good enough for them to consider it a success.If you are talking about the DmC reboot then I don't think anything of these is true.
It happened with Cowher, too. It drove me crazy then, and it drives me crazy now. Cowher was a top tier coach, and Tomlin is a top tier coach.
Where do you think you are? r/TheGoyimKnow?
You mean Nordic Capitalism - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordic_model
Is there anyone named Byrd or Bird on our list regarding Exec.order?
So we finally encountered the BBEG from ToD: RoT. The DM had to decrease the CR since we did nothing to it's HP. In the end, it was a TPK after he used an AMF. Sadly, no XP earned. That's all I got.
It’s a custom made “armor” that was from Japan. :)
Yeah, really tiny compared to [the later countach](http://www.lambocars.com/images/countach/lp500qv64.jpg)
Gonna need about 4.5 more grams than that
chuckle
Interesting. I've been watching subs for about two years and feel like I can place voices pretty well now.
Fred and George, James Potter, Sirius Black.
https://i.imgur.com/dsMtoos.png
Something is gonna have to give now that Disney is in control of Hulu.  All them Netflix Disney movies and marvel shoes are gonna go bye bye
I can’t believe how bad it is. It’s instantly uncomfortable. I can’t believe they haven’t taken this feedback.
Wouldn't mind it. Although, not looking forward to law enforcements saying that they took an arrow to the knee.
After 10 hours of childcare a week it'd get taken down to about $700, which is pretty fucking cheap.
yeah, I got that but why are people not responding to a basic question.What would you have done in such a scenario, would you have said yes or shot him down no straightaway
Can't I just eat at the DFAC everyday or does that sound better on paper than actually applying it? How much is internet usually at the barracks?
I'm physically disabled and have to spend the night with my parents so I'm watching a movie and browsing Reddit now.
Thanks man I was way to lazy to do that lol. Happy new year!
No thanks.
Whispers to Toby: 'I'll kill you!'.
I don’t know why you’re getting downvoted.
Okay wtf is going on, it says I have 1 twice and only goes up to 7. But when I edit it to what it should be it doesn't work??? Oh well :(
[ham , chad](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ham,+Chad/@17.0897463,17.0968496,6z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x116b2b9cb5200ef5:0xa5a635d93013e474)
I hate it for the same reasons Jeff does I think, it was literally designed with the intent to win an Oscar.
Support from my family. I'm transgender and a minor, and I know my parents would almost certainly disown me and possibly send me to conversion therapy if they found out, especially if my moms reaction to thinking I'm gay was anything to go by.
Pretty sure the San Fran Garrapolos should be given the 6th seed at this point.
Ummmm tf? Ryan Gosling is our QB!
Black bears are wimps. If he would've just yelled loudly at those ones they would've sprinted the hell out of there.
I loved the “Merry Christmas, Jake' he threw in at the end, like it was some kind of burn.
So then he's good.
Smash Up, Bang, and Citadels. Innovation is also excellent.
Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches is very enjoyable
Live by the sword
It’s still unproffesional. If giving advantage was the right call, then that’s the job and nothing else.
I liked Bright 🤷🏽‍♂️
We are 9-0 when we score 20 points... Let that sink in... That number is so low because of our bad ass defense. I think we have a shot if we can get pretty much anything going on offense.
Anthony: $2 million a year vs hot attics. He grew up with his father stealing change out of vending machines. Opie could have dressed like a priest and takena shit on his head every day and he'd just say HA HA HO LEE SHIT!
!redditgarlic
From the Houston PD Chief - no harmful intent. Also no more mention of a gun charge.https://mobile.twitter.com/ArtAcevedo/status/947563422488567808?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&amp;ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fabc13.com%2Fpolice-man-had-no-intent-to-use-guns-at-hotel%2F2844041%2FAlso from local news: http://abc13.com/police-man-had-no-intent-to-use-guns-at-hotel/2844041/
It also has a laser.
Very lovely, I hope you are having a good new years.
you can also link directly the comment, [like so](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7ddjaw/whats_the_weirdest_thing_youve_done_as_a_result/dpxaos1/)not everyone has comment sorting set to the same option, so clicking on 'permalink' for the comment you want and then using that url is more effective
Wait I thought that was a poem by Sara Teasdale
Posting stuff from Grindr on these kinda sub reddits are cheating lmao
These are just hidden files that the system/some softwares require to operate. You can use `shift + command + .` to hide them.
When the hell do we find this stuff out? When the IRS comes after us?
https://i.imgur.com/PLf0NkX.jpg
How about 'needlessly killed' by police? Police are not meant to be judge, jury, and especially not executioner.By definition, literally every person killed by a cop is innocent at the time. They're not guilty of a crime till a judge says so.
That's how you should play Lesion!
Win lose or draw Marty gotta go
feels like summer is a good songyeah i said it
Film4 is my real channel 5.
I got distracted during the reveal Rey's parents. Apparently they were just space meth heads?
They just use their refills. You can get 450-500+ for every win if you're high enough in SFC. So they only really need 20-25 wins to get there which doesn't take too long with the arena refills
Inabot na ng 2018 yung ubo ko.Happy New Year!
Do you need mouth to mouth?  You must be drowning in pussy.
&gt; I'm going to lose my mind if I have to talk to straight cowboys all winterWell that's not offensive at all.
Does anyone have any idea what this means? The protests I mean, not their Internet getting cut off.
Also please remember to answer to tacocat instead of me. There's a good chance he might not see your reply about how many codes you have.
It's 2018 here
So if ravens lose and jags and bills win chargers take ravens spot?
&gt;Happy New Year! A 2017 Retrospective&gt;I found another Exalted Orb.Droprate sounds about right.
Zed’s dead baby. Zed’s dead
Happy New Year!  How's life there other than the illness?
This is dumb as hell and I don’t apologize.
Proud of our little bowling ball!
Have you tried online dating? You can filter by age that way.
That might be a good idea, seeing how the comment section is likely to go.
And there’s 20 of them to choose from in one store!!!
How can people that never had sex insist on judging everything about one's sex life?The world may never know...
Is it really a migration then?
[Operation Snow White](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Snow_White)Any private organization, especially a 'church', that uses the term 'operation' in their programs already has a major screw loose.
Happy new year :)
Use Dolphin to emulate Wii games. If you need the ISO of the game (the game in file form), PM me and I'll hook you up.
You must be watching an ADVANCED stream I was unable to see it on my shitty tv.
That's actually not accurate.Source: https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/reference_guide/how_calculate_dogs_age_in_years/dog_age_05.jpg
Replacing parts of the model. You don't want to waste resources rendering things you can't see.
In terms of percentage JL didn't make the top 10 dissapointments list but is that the biggest absolute difference?
'Ignorance, is not the same as innocence, Miss Lane.'
This pic makes me want to workout so that I can carry her bridal style straight to the bedroom.
Except for that one time he became Snoop Lion
Hand-me-downs have always been a fact of life in my family, too. Being the youngest kid in a rather poor family, I had hand-me-downs of all ages from my brother, cousins and friends. Never really had any new clothes until I was an adult.
That doesn’t make Serena’s any less ugly
Reminds me of something I'd have seen on a Burger King wall in the 90s
FUCK, gg.
Get a stick. An old Civic shouldn’t set you back much. Furthermore, sticks make any car more fun, plus you get a better idea of how gearing and physics impact performance. Any goon can drive an automatic; be one of the few goons who can drive stick.
I really hope he is. If he is he’s damn good as I’m starting to worry if he needs help
How controlling one my ex boyfriends was. I now profusely apologize for everything out of extreme fear that I think I did something wrong. Gaslighting is a terrifying thing.
Ah, the perspective really messes with you. Great photo.
The scientific name of the The Ocean Sunfish is the Mola Mola (millstone in Latin )The Ocean Sunfish grows to more than 3 metres in length, 4.2 metres in height, and can weigh more than 2.5 tonnes.
The Shoe doesn't allow reentry, either.
kel tec has the mouthwashthis is the toothpaste!
*sits*
yeah, i always thought they were super risky and never worked but dave looks great
Hold up... This article is referring to FLDS not LDS.. Not that I am a fan of either but there are some large differences...
Yeah that's where I was. I was working and going to school and I just needed to bring in more money, because at some point saving 50¢ by cutting something else out of my already tiny budget just wasn't helping any more.
Better yet, watch the Sonics
An offseason to bulk up a bit could do wonders for him. I don't think he was able to after his college season because of his shoulder injury
At least he still has Liberia on his side.
i dont remember fully how it went but the Einzberns created the vessel for the grail, the Tohsakas provided the land and the Matous provided the command spell
I didn't know what the MD stood for till now.
I only ever see how many minutes/hours/days/months/years old a post is, meaning a post that's 365 days old and a post that's 729 days old are both just marked 'posted 1 year ago'.
GrannyCoins would be a better option. You can only buy them from my grandmother, though, so it's a little bit complicated. You can find her living near Santa Clause. Good luck!
pretty sure the previous rule 7 was the closest.
Trump says something false, Breitbart and Cult 45 lap it up.  Rinse and repeat.
Why has it become cool to see who goes to bed earliest on new years eve? Am I the only one who actually admits to enjoying going out for such occasions?
His eye brows look smaller
NEVER FORGET THAT MANTI TE’O HAD A DEAD GIRLFRIEND WHO WASNT REALLY DEAD AT ALL!
What obscure rule that nobody knows about will overrule the ball starting to move before Landry dropped it?
I mean sure he can't take a hint but people who just stop responding irk me. At least do him the decency of telling him you're no longer interested instead of keeping him on the hook and leading to weird strings of messages like this.
Wait wasn't this what West World was about?
Yea didn't they just smuggle a bunch of baby elephants from Zimbabwe yesterday?
Nonetheless : happy new year. It can only get better from here.
You are not a psycho, only unfortunately short sighted. How old are you? 20? Make another thread when you turn 40 and tell us how much you enjoy your life.
Do what I do and sit at home with ramen noodles and a bottle of cream soda.
Aguero on Luiz last year probably, which was a disgusting tackle aswell with no intent to play the ball.
Thank you for not swearing. This is a Christian server.
I think he’s saying Voodoo band. That’s how I found it anyway.
Voila is definitely super underrated from what I've seen.
I'd be at pretty pissed if I were him. Being placed in unwinnable situations week after week would get old.
Why do people think that a fumble? Ground can't cause a fumble right?
Looks like Ronald McDonald decided to donate his shoes.
OP why do you keep going to places that get cold in the winter and then complaining about it? You pulled this same shit in Detroit last week. Do you go to the /r/stove and complain that it's hot when you touch it?
I believe it is 4 door from the photo. The back doors are suicide doors.
So funny how he ducks with the community.He password is Emily is the best streamer ever
Jim Carrey is funny LMAOO
Kel sené w ento b alef khèr !from Lebanon
It was $40 and I’m broke so sadly no.
What do you guys think the benchmark ACC record for us to make the tourney is this year?
The constitution protects Americans. Not foreigners.
It's watchable., especially if it's on Netflix and won't cost you.
Oh shit nevermind. I read that wrong. But is he actually a troll?
[still goal but what a save](https://youtu.be/GAZp0CWoYZE)
Ah well. He is who we thought he was.
No one can do that lol
Will reading it make me grow hair on my chest. Like eating my vegetables? Because honestly my chest is hairy enough...
I truly know my role
Can’t believe the Bills look playoff bound. Insane.
121 votes. Good luck, OP.
I wish Trump the worst of health in 2018.
...
Probably a coin that is not mentioned in here
I actually built a base in the Lost River in anticipation of the Ghost Leviathan update. Looks nice right next to the Sea Dragon Leviathan skeleton.
Lemme get back to my mic this week and I’ll try. At the moment, I’m a few hundred miles northwest of my booth.
Exploration and basebuilding you say?  Minecraft and Terraria.
UK Jags fan here, just turned midnight. Happy new year y’all
Same to you, Mr. President.
meh, the place was a bunch of badly built mame cabinets
Yeah its also happening with ex and chaos every league at some point. I'm not sure if poe.trade should even attempt to use a conversion rate, but instead only show items offered in whatever currency you entered in the search engine.
I want to do a Ben Garrison playthrough of New Vegas. It would require siding with Mr. House and killing every minority character in the game.
Smoke more weed
Forward Pyrrha is best Pyrrha.
Lots of the internet disagrees with you.
Video ended abruptly, probably because you can hear somebody in the background saying 'don't film, don't film' It's because he worries that the intelligence services of the Islamic regime will identify these people and bring them in. This has happened in the past.
It's for when your family has guests over obviously...Let me guess, you had someone sleep in that bedroom like once in your life?
https://i.redd.it/yt4nwj8a2h601.jpg
The problem with this Offense is that there's just zero room for mental mistakes or turnovers.
Thanks a lot! People keep telling me that so maybe I should start listening haha
playing for a FG here wouldn't be bad. Just don't turn it over.
Because of Qrow's semblance
&gt; black men dating out are the self hating equivalent of asian women.Certain black women would definitely argue that.
So if we win, we get listed? Is Binance really that good?What sort of credentials do they have over say, Mercatox or Bitgrail?
Brace yourselves, it's gonna be like the shop dog posts of mid 2017
Yer a peach.
paging u/AllHailHinoka
You know if that was a Jets player it’d be all over every highlight
Undergrad, grad school, the CFA exam, and Google.
Alternatively, you could start Bomb Rush Blush at 11:59:47 and midnight hits as soon as Callie starts singing.
I have no idea what most of the references are.
That expeditionary throw boost is unreal wtf
Why can’t you bring a party into a multiplayer match? I host a party of anywhere from 2-6 every night and have zero problems whatsoever.
from what i've gotten he doesnt want to look good, he just want the other bad guys to look as bad as him and get the right punishments for doing the same things as he did
Happy new year fellow countryman
I wish we could all have a Mouse.
Cannot believe we are going to fucking lose this.
Greatest teacher in the world
And hospitals generally have terrible cell service.
They were just too tilt inducing to be released /s
Go Hop!
I mean, the rest sounds shitty, but I get paid once a month and I love it.
We should have let Ficken kick that.... 🙄
Sex
Fucking thank you! I’m glad he said it. So tired of the pessimists who literally believe this
Happy 2018
Agreed and he knows it.  Looking forward to my boots getting closer to his but no cracks!
A free ride and probings on the ship
Where and how cheap?
Would be nice in Madden if when you the quarterback runs out of the pocket that the receivers will attempt to run closer to you so you can get the ball out.
Wife likes Dolly Parton, I like Death Grips. Good luck driver.
shit, in nj the cheapest 8th you'll typically find is $50
I finished it last night and I’m still reeling, I’m gonna need some time to sort this out...
Not playing quarterback anymore?
Thank you for your opinion and source advice!
It’s all relative isn’t it? Surviving relegation is a trophy for West Ham
Happy New Year Gang - Squatting again for the first time in months tomorrow/today... So it begins
In one of the games after they saw the one shot hatch and their friend get moried in the basement. 3 of them ran to the basement and suicided.
Chargers game as become the least mentioned game in this thread.
Lmao too early.
Because Torpedoes are obviously more difficult to manufacture than warp capable shuttle craft
No we are not liable to pay anything, they are listed as the guarantor on their bills.They are all hypochondriacs. I swear their mother has somatoform by proxy. (I know it is not a real thing).
It's probably like the cheese that you can sometimes find in dollar stores. It's not actually cheese, it's a 'cheese product' and it will burn instead of melt.
C
No lead is safe from us, regardless of which side of the lead we're on
[His twitter bio takes the cake 'One day you will hear that the Imam of Peace has been killed, and the news will quote this bio. • Follows not endorsements • Victim of the Fake News Industry.'] (https://mobile.twitter.com/Imamofpeace?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)
Call your pediatrician's after hours number. They may advise ER but you should let them guide you on this.By the way, my wife is a PA and this info is coming directly from her.
It's funny that I wanted to play the normal way and instead got hidden glitchy stuff.
Burn this season with fire
Never had save game issues with that game either even at launch.
Apple? No thanks. Every time a new season of the Simpsons comes out, not only will it be worse than the old ones, but when you go back and watch the old ones, they'll suddenly suck too.
Logic may not be rap
Serious question. As someone new to double edge shaving is there any purpose at all in having a collection like this one you have your shave dialed in or is it just a compulsion to always be trying new things?
Yeah, it was absolute shite. Who built the dogs? Why are they hunting people? What the fuck is going on?It was a waste of time.
I guess he gave up on the 'Dick is using his SEO bots!' argument.
&gt; Usually if a guy rejects their physical touch, they'll in fact get annoyed and say he must be gay or have a tiny dick.They could open a movie theater with that level of projection.
that's what your face looks like when you wear a pair of underwear with its asshole eaten by a dog.
Internet is back up... Your argument is void honestly.Edit: Social media*
He's 15 and she's easily in her late 20's. Stop it. Cecilia x Roy isn't being a 'man of culture xdd', it's being fucking weird.
I think we’re set for a lot of new stuff in January
I heard Kylo Ren has an 8 pack.
Best I can do is about tree fiddy
There are 12 grams of green crack on thechrono for $23 each. Good reviews.Sweetleafconcentrates.ca has shatter on sale and have seen nothing but positive reviews. Best options I can give you.
My internet slang is outdated so I'm not fully parsing this
Wait, so like Nova voicelines and everything too? That would be interesting/weird.
I was able to get the discount with two different pairs! although I first added two of the same pair, then deleted one of them
What are the rams? Chopped liver? I think it'll still be a dogfight but we'll see what happens in the off-season. A lot could be changing
He’s an artist and hard ass worker, think of all the type of shit he does besides his music.
I love your answer. I feel the same...
I just got mine at 36!
God that's all greek to me
Yes they are. They provide solid buffs, cc and mana regen.
I’d have sprung for the resistance bomber myself
Even the average Asian girls are hot.  Eye candy all day.
Amen! And a Happy New Year!
You're not the only one. Although in my case, it's my own fault, I'm a shitty friend.
Scratching  yourself in public.     Way more accepted as a dude.
Yeah, but this question is about the rest of the chaneglings, not Odo.
your daily reminder that Manti Teo had a fake girlfriend
&gt; See ya later Isaac fucking Newton.Dude. Let it go. Hes been dead for like 200 years
&gt;If this gets 300k upvotes I will start development instead of karma whoring
❤️❤️❤️ 👌🏼😍💦  ❤️❤️❤️
'Rifel'
E
Thursday were a watery pattern, mainly blue with black and white speckles.  Friday was black and red stripes.  Saturday was green shimmery scales.  Tonight: no fucking clue. What's the pattern?!
In the pc version of the game there is proximity chat, you can chat with near by enemies
Wait what?
Jags have the ball down 5 with 9 min left
Futte? Garfield's hund?
https://i.redditmedia.com/2iSk6bi5osUWKeVfOSMSk3apOuATmjhENe09np-piPs.jpg?w=432&amp;s=0b9993a1839a4beac85daa74913ae062
Live off New Stock Road of north of town. It's an ice skating rink. Went to the redneck Ingles in Woodland Hills around 5ish and busted ass major in parking lot. Like my feet were over my head falling. Lucky I didn't seriously hurt myself. stay in!!
The pettiness is strong in us.
Isn’t it implied there are more ships though?
Wait....
*unzips dick*
Lol classic
[went to goodwill yesterday. ](https://imgur.com/gallery/zMXzq)
That reads like a headline you’d see on a tabloid rag at the supermarket check out, right next to something about Bat Baby and an Elvis sighting.
How did you guys lose in 2016 with so much civility. Keep it up...Americans who think differently than you just love the insults. So much so they beat your candidate at the ballot box.But by all means, keep up the name calling. 2016 remembers well.
Why is Buffalo celebrating?
What blew me out if the water recently was my father asking about ripple. Not bitcoin, ripple.It's a good sign, just hope they make it easier to buy for les tech savvy people
I think we all know how this ends
Yea. It’s the only dissatisfaction with the city jersey. The red should be black. These jerseys also had my team wearing shoes in a black and blue colorway. Smh
3 mins late smh /s
For me it's New Yorican. I swear, all the women sound like Rosie Perez and it makes me want to strangle every one. JLo is crazy hot but the second she talks it makes me want to stick an ice pick in each ear.
What happened to this thread, it went from someone talking about an enjoyable experience to people discussing issues from left field.  This comment thread is hilarious.
#OK THAT WASN'T DECKERS FAULT.
Term: ShammgodCategory: Post Moves And Crossovers[Definition of a Shammgod and examples from NBA action](http://www.hoopdictionary.com/post%20moves%20and%20crossovers/shammgod/).*I am a bot that intends to help newcomers to basketball fandom understand some of the terms and moves of the game.*
Not just kids, but Pizzagate, so literally pedophilia.
$60 for lip balm?Send me $60 worth of PTR masks! Lol
Cult 45 is a religion now.
Sometimes I wonder if maybe politics plays influence over religion to use as a tool of population control...
Vi skal starte 2018 godt. Ikke noget med at udelukke nogle køn. Vi er inkluderende her på siden!Også godt nytår til alle der må identificere sig imellem de to!
Jontron is absolutely low hanging fruit. Making youtube videos where he yells at videogames doesn't mean that he isn't an idiot.
Right with you brother
😓 pac-12
Idk what it's actually called. The hole on a bowl that you'd cover with a finger while you hit it.
Then why don't you take Harkon's blood?  Nothing will look too amazing anymore and everyone else will be the sheep.
Herb Dean is where it's at
&gt; labitolibido  :)
R
Imma let you finish, but 'Because you'd be in jail' was the greatest line of all time
come on lets go [](#gachiBASS)
I doubt you have to wait till ten minuets past midnight.
W
Have you seen Snatch? Brad Pitt with a great line up.
What the fuck no way. That’s sickening. My Christmas bonus check was 35k....    One of my fantasy dreams is to provide low income housing with mental health services, but that’s probably a pipe dream
Are you the artist? I was wondering if I could have an original source?
What is your point? That Singapore is more expensive than neighboring countries? Of course it is, because incomes are higher.The average Singaporean lives more comfortably than the overwhelming majority of the population in neighboring countries, and more comfortably than a huge number of Americans.
Can be actually suck the fish out though?
I'd say there's a pretty clear difference between the one black centaur and all of the others. She's short and clumsy, and seemingly does all the work for everyone else, while the 'white' centaurs are all tall and graceful and ,seemingly, naturally beautiful.
It's supposed to be a short story but...
These crimes were committed by members of the Fundamentalist LDS church, a tiny cult from the Arizona desert that is totally separate from the main LDS church.
That's a super power, not a FU.
HahahahhahahahahahhahahahaSo, do you think we should give Lynch another shot next season?
Well, they need some people to shoot, don't they?
HAPPY NEW YEAR UK BRETHREN
I say we nuke the site from orbit
REALLY intrigued by a Khabib vs Woodley fight who do you guys think takes it?
It's the 'le reddit introvert' circlejerk.
Sweet! Ive already started reading and absolutely love it. I'm considering keeping a journal or notes... Anyone else doing that? Or have?
I kinda like it.
Let the Good Times Roll cleanser! I use mine in the shower and the whole room just smells like sweet cookie dough, it’s awfully tempting
I mean fuck white people though.Especially me. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What a deal!
NEEDLESS TO SAY I SENT THE WHOLE SHIPEMENT BACK
Why was he celebrating?
Decker going full Kenny Britt in the biggest game of the year.
&gt; Limit “screen time” to two hours a daySeems totally arbitrary to me.
Jeg vil læse lidt færre digte om røvhuller I år!
I think you're handing out possibly invalid pointers. You allocate the memory using a vec, but then the vec will go out of scope.I think you should be using:    Box::into_raw(vec.into_boxed_slice())
Yup
Thank you! Even if its normal I still hate it but hopefully I get one soon
That is an impressive collection that you've got there! I was wondering what is that brown case, I'm trying to step up my fountain pen case game!
This is amazing, you should ask her to give a shot at Kylo or Cad Bane!
Yes! It might be my favorite post of all time simply because it pops up randomly in every damn sub I’m subscribed to. It’s universally loved.
I would give up my net neutrality for this
Danny DeVito as Gerard Gallant or nothing
gWIN, l🅾rd 🅾f 🅱ℹℹnDer 😬😬😬👌👌😫😫😫👌👌💯💯🙇🙇🙇👉👌♥♥🔞🔞🔞🔞
High on life
The difference between building a game plan strategy around the players' strengths and the coaches' egos is evident here.
Hmm, I'm against the idea of loyalty. If I think someone is going to make a bad decision I'm not going to blindly stand behind them.
That's it. Ends abruptly on page 10.
Oh shit did we get Avery Bradley?
Unfortunately no. You need to add more funds to withdraw. You can try to contact support but I don't think it will work.
D, keep it nice and simple.
part of the reason i wanted to be an engineer in the first place, a basically guaranteed job and cuz i love the work. the people not getting hired are business majors because the market is so over saturated with those degrees
Is Buckner out? I saw him limp off the field a while back and haven’t seen him since.
Embrace it. Stop wearing hats. Don’t comb over. If prefer, crop it as close as you are comfortable with. But mostly just don’t be self-conscious about it. Source: balding since 15 yo
Hey never underestimate the gift of WIC.
Money costs more money if you don't have money... Just that concept alone is crap.
i like that bottom right hand one what keeb is that?
St. Agnes, St. Paul, 10 AM.
If you have lung cancer I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter at all whether you keep smoking or not. It's the smoking you did 10/20 years ago that matters.
Posting this bug hours before the new season starts maybe wasn't the best timing there is.
Wide baby
I'm starting to think Paxton might not be the qb of the future
This is a repost from a year ago you faggot
huh???????
Great job on finding a regimen that works for your skin. I never thought I would ever have clear skin, and now here I am with with a good regime that keeps me clear all year long. Good luck with the rest of your skin care journey!
Pizzagate has not been debunked.
You know what buddy I'll do it (prob on the Ichigo banner though cuz I got 10/12 of TYBW banner)
Fuck that noise you want a motherfuckin HUBLOT.  THOSE MOTHERFUCKERS KNOW HOW TO TURN IT UP TO ELEVEN.  #TASTEFUL. LIKE AN INVICTA ON STEROIDS BRO
The best thing he ever did was the Clerks cartoon. That was legitimately great.
Keep going I’m almost there
It's malnourished :(
My favorite song of his is still a tie between the vatican rag and poisoning pidgeons in the park
Gonna buy:- sailor pro gear slim with music nib- opus 88 red with a m nib- franklin christoph 65 with sig nib- franklin christoph 31 with f gold nibGonna be a good year;)
found another rapist
I don't think the issue is sexualizing something; the issue is with people being afraid of sexuality, of nudity, of the human body.The solution shouldn't be 'stop people from liking this', it should be 'teach people that they're not something to be ashamed of'.
Let's hope this year is good for all
Nah, i can confirm it too. It sounds as clear as day and i've been hearing it for around 2 months. Got used to it at this point but im just curious what causes it.
Maybe it meant to start at the battle over Coruscant
With the other medical conditions you have, OP, I would call the GYN who performed the abortion. Love and light, OP, glad your partner is supportive. ❤️
Take the family to Disney World (or) Cruise.
Doesn't really look like an Occult Girl to me tbh, but yeah let's hope
'Natural 20 on dadding' works or 'aced my dadding checks' 'my wife says I'm a hot d8' 'this is how we roll' between the hand prints  (these are more d&amp;d than magic cards though)
Sex between an unmarried man and woman: 69%                               *Nice*
Fuck the cocksuckers downvoting.
S
You should definitely check out Meow cosmetics if you like mineral powders! They have a huge color range that comes in multiple different formulas (with ones specific for cool yellow, olive, neutral, etc). I use ocicat and it's a pretty great match!
Happy new year from UK ethtrader
Encrypgen (DNA)https://encrypgen.com It's got a low market cap and a low price. Genomics is huge and this is the first blockchain application in the area. I'd be surprised if this doesn't take off.
They should change it back to 0 to fix that. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
